ADS release v2.8.8 (#272)
oracle/accelerated-data-science: docs/source/release_notes.rst

Release Notes
=============

2.8.8
-----
Release date: July 27, 2023

> * Added ``PyTorchDistributed`` Runtime for Data Science Jobs to support training large language models with PyTorch.

Author: fixed

> * Added options to configure flexible shape in OPCTL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added options to configure flexible shape in ``OPCTL``.
```

Author: fixed

> * Refactored code in ``deploy()`` in ``GenericModel`` to prioritize the parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Refactored ``deploy()`` in ``GenericModel`` to prioritize the parameters.
```

Author: fixed

> * Fixed opctl commands delete/cancel/watch/activate/deactivate to add missing parameter options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the ``opctl`` delete/cancel/watch/activate/deactivate commands to add missing parameter options.
```

Author: fixed

> * Fixed opctl command to call run to start ml job if no YAML is passed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the ``opctl`` command to call run to start an ML job when no YAML is specified.
```

Author: fixed

> * Deprecated ``DatasetFactory`` class and refactored code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated the ``DatasetFactory`` class, and refactored the code.
```

Author: fixed
